docs/rules/README.md, before:

---
sidebarDepth: 0
---

# Available Rules

The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) automatically fixes problems reported by rules which have a wrench :wrench: below.  
The rules with the following star :star: are included in the `plugin:toml/recommended` config and the `plugin:toml/standard` config.

<!-- This file is automatically generated in tools/update-docs-rules-index.js, do not change! -->

## TOML Rules

| Rule ID | Description | Fixable | RECOMMENDED | STANDARD |
|:--------|:------------|:-------:|:-----------:|:--------:|
| [toml/indent](./indent.md) | enforce consistent indentation | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/keys-order](./keys-order.md) | disallow defining pair keys out-of-order | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/no-mixed-type-in-array](./no-mixed-type-in-array.md) | disallow mixed data types in array |  |  |  |
| [toml/no-non-decimal-integer](./no-non-decimal-integer.md) | disallow hexadecimal, octal and binary integer | :wrench: |  |  |
| [toml/no-space-dots](./no-space-dots.md) | disallow spacing around infix operators | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/no-unreadable-number-separator](./no-unreadable-number-separator.md) | disallow number separators that to not enhance readability. |  | :star: | :star: |
| [toml/padding-line-between-pairs](./padding-line-between-pairs.md) | require or disallow padding lines between pairs | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/padding-line-between-tables](./padding-line-between-tables.md) | require or disallow padding lines between tables | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/precision-of-fractional-seconds](./precision-of-fractional-seconds.md) | disallow precision of fractional seconds greater than the specified value. |  | :star: | :star: |
| [toml/precision-of-integer](./precision-of-integer.md) | disallow precision of integer greater than the specified value. |  | :star: | :star: |
| [toml/quoted-keys](./quoted-keys.md) | require or disallow quotes around keys | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/space-eq-sign](./space-eq-sign.md) | require spacing around equals sign | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/tables-order](./tables-order.md) | disallow defining tables out-of-order | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/vue-custom-block/no-parsing-error](./vue-custom-block/no-parsing-error.md) | disallow parsing errors in Vue custom blocks |  | :star: | :star: |

## Extension Rules

| Rule ID | Description | Fixable | RECOMMENDED | STANDARD |
|:--------|:------------|:-------:|:-----------:|:--------:|
| [toml/array-bracket-newline](./array-bracket-newline.md) | enforce linebreaks after opening and before closing array brackets | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/array-bracket-spacing](./array-bracket-spacing.md) | enforce consistent spacing inside array brackets | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/array-element-newline](./array-element-newline.md) | enforce line breaks between array elements | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/comma-style](./comma-style.md) | enforce consistent comma style in array | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/inline-table-curly-spacing](./inline-table-curly-spacing.md) | enforce consistent spacing inside braces | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/spaced-comment](./spaced-comment.md) | enforce consistent spacing after the `#` in a comment | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/table-bracket-spacing](./table-bracket-spacing.md) | enforce consistent spacing inside table brackets | :wrench: |  | :star: |

Commit message:

Add key-spacing rule and deprecated space-eq-sign rule

docs/rules/README.md, after:

---
sidebarDepth: 0
---

# Available Rules

The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) automatically fixes problems reported by rules which have a wrench :wrench: below.  
The rules with the following star :star: are included in the `plugin:toml/recommended` config and the `plugin:toml/standard` config.

<!-- This file is automatically generated in tools/update-docs-rules-index.js, do not change! -->

## TOML Rules

| Rule ID | Description | Fixable | RECOMMENDED | STANDARD |
|:--------|:------------|:-------:|:-----------:|:--------:|
| [toml/indent](./indent.md) | enforce consistent indentation | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/keys-order](./keys-order.md) | disallow defining pair keys out-of-order | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/no-mixed-type-in-array](./no-mixed-type-in-array.md) | disallow mixed data types in array |  |  |  |
| [toml/no-non-decimal-integer](./no-non-decimal-integer.md) | disallow hexadecimal, octal and binary integer | :wrench: |  |  |
| [toml/no-space-dots](./no-space-dots.md) | disallow spacing around infix operators | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/no-unreadable-number-separator](./no-unreadable-number-separator.md) | disallow number separators that to not enhance readability. |  | :star: | :star: |
| [toml/padding-line-between-pairs](./padding-line-between-pairs.md) | require or disallow padding lines between pairs | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/padding-line-between-tables](./padding-line-between-tables.md) | require or disallow padding lines between tables | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/precision-of-fractional-seconds](./precision-of-fractional-seconds.md) | disallow precision of fractional seconds greater than the specified value. |  | :star: | :star: |
| [toml/precision-of-integer](./precision-of-integer.md) | disallow precision of integer greater than the specified value. |  | :star: | :star: |
| [toml/quoted-keys](./quoted-keys.md) | require or disallow quotes around keys | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/tables-order](./tables-order.md) | disallow defining tables out-of-order | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/vue-custom-block/no-parsing-error](./vue-custom-block/no-parsing-error.md) | disallow parsing errors in Vue custom blocks |  | :star: | :star: |

## Extension Rules

| Rule ID | Description | Fixable | RECOMMENDED | STANDARD |
|:--------|:------------|:-------:|:-----------:|:--------:|
| [toml/array-bracket-newline](./array-bracket-newline.md) | enforce linebreaks after opening and before closing array brackets | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/array-bracket-spacing](./array-bracket-spacing.md) | enforce consistent spacing inside array brackets | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/array-element-newline](./array-element-newline.md) | enforce line breaks between array elements | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/comma-style](./comma-style.md) | enforce consistent comma style in array | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/inline-table-curly-spacing](./inline-table-curly-spacing.md) | enforce consistent spacing inside braces | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/key-spacing](./key-spacing.md) | enforce consistent spacing between keys and values in key/value pairs | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/spaced-comment](./spaced-comment.md) | enforce consistent spacing after the `#` in a comment | :wrench: |  | :star: |
| [toml/table-bracket-spacing](./table-bracket-spacing.md) | enforce consistent spacing inside table brackets | :wrench: |  | :star: |

## Deprecated

- :warning: We're going to remove deprecated rules in the next major release. Please migrate to successor/new rules.
- :innocent: We don't fix bugs which are in deprecated rules since we don't have enough resources.

| Rule ID | Replaced by |
|:--------|:------------|
| [toml/space-eq-sign](./space-eq-sign.md) | [toml/key-spacing](./key-spacing.md.md) |
